Updating YAML.org link (#526)
falcosecurity/falco-website: content/en/docs/rules/_index.md

weight: 3
---

> A Falco *rules file* is a [YAML](http://www.yaml.org) file containing three types of elements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Falco *rules file* is a [YAML](https://yaml.org/) file containing three types of elements:
```
